# Fill in, commit and push each day.

Oct 6, 2016
	Yesterday : 
		I completed the initial JugPuzzle Model classes
	
	Today     : Add Scrum framework documents to project. Proofread 
		        and post the assignment. Send message to all students
		        about the availability of the assignment.
	
	Obstacles : Trying to figure out how everything works and where to start.
				Also need to clear up some questions about scrum.
				
Oct 7, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Day Off due to Indian Festival.
				But think of ways to implement the game and the GUI throughout 
				the day. 
	Obstacles : What steps to take first and etc?
	
Oct 8, 2016
	Yesterday : Figured ways to implement the game.
	Today     : Start by planning how the GUI is going to look then start adding view classes
				and observe class to Jug and Jug Puzzle. Also try to find a way to implement
				vertical java progress bars to visually show the jugs amount filled. Just starting
				the classes, will not be completed.
	Obstacles : Trying to figure out how observe class works and how to make progress bars 
	
Oct 9, 2016
	Yesterday : Program failed but classes were made a design for GUI was finalized. 
	Today     : Try to understand what was wrong with the code and fix it. Try to get 
				something showing on GUI so some progress can be seen.
	Obstacles : Understanding observe and why program is failing.
	
Oct 10, 2016
	Yesterday : Program started running after restarting eclipse, so this was a 
				complier issue not a code error.
	Today     : Work on completing GUI so get all the buttons and progress bar.
				If time then implement the action listener and try to figure out
				a way to stop game if the person wins.
	Obstacles : figuring out a way to stop the game when player wins
	
Oct 11, 2016
	Yesterday : Got the GUI showing and add actionlistner
	Today     : Perfect code, make some button like reset and shutdown and make sure everything works.
				Fix actionListner and if time then implement winning so game stops.
	Obstacles : Implementing winning will take some thinking.
	
Oct 12, 2016
	Yesterday : Game works just some stuff left to do
	Today     : Finish the Game like stop game when won and fix progress bar
	Obstacles : Find a way to stop the game not hard but what to be creative.
	
Oct 13, 2016
	Yesterday : Found a way to stop the game and fix progress bar
	Today     : Commenting and Javadocs
	Obstacles : /
	
Oct 14, 2016
	Yesterday : Game was complete
	Today     : Day Off
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 15, 2016
	Yesterday : Day Off
	Today     : Fix some error if found and LAST MINUTE CHECKS or code changes
				Commit and push by tonight at midnight for ontime submission.
	Obstacles :

Oct 16, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : 
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 17, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for late submission.
	Obstacles :
